Planets;Earth;0;Earth is the third planet from the Sun and is the largest of the terrestrial planets.The Earth is the only planet in our solar system not to be named after a Greek or Roman deity.The Earth was formed approximately 4.54 billion years ago and is the only known planet to support life.--Moons;Moon;0.002;The Moon (or Luna) is the Earth's only natural satellite and was formed 4.6 billion years ago around some 30-50 million years after the formation of the solar system. The Moon is in synchronous rotation with Earth meaning the same side is always facing the Earth. The first unmanned mission to the Moon was in 1959 by the Soviet Lunar Program with the first manned landing being Apollo 11 in 1969.--Planets;Mars;0.52;Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun. Named after the Roman god of war, and often described as the 'Red Planet' due to its reddish appearance. Mars is a terrestrial planet with a thin atmosphere composed primarily of carbon dioxide. Mars is home to the tallest mountain in the solar system, named Olympus Mons. Considered as an active volcano, Olympus Mons is 21 km in high and 600 km in diameter.--Other;Asteroid Belt;1.2;The vast majority of asteroids in the solar system are found in a region of the solar system out beyond Mars. They form the Asteroid Belt. The four largest asteroids in the belt are Ceres, Vesta, Pallas, and Hygiea. They contain half the mass of the entire belt. The rest of the mass is contained in countless smaller bodies. There was a theory once that if you combined all the asteroids they would make up the missing 'Fifth' rocky planet. Planetary scientists estimate that if you could put all that material together that exists there today, it would make a tiny world smaller than Earth's moon.--Planets;Jupiter;4.20;The planet Jupiter is the fifth planet out from the Sun, and is two and a half times more massive than all the other planets in the solar system combined. It is made primarily of gases and is therefore known as a 'gas giant'. Jupiter has 67 moons, with the largest one named Ganymeade. It is also the largest moon in the solar system.--Planets;Saturn;8.58;Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun and the most distant that can be seen with the naked eye. It is best known for its fabulous 'ring system' that was discovered in 1610 by the astronomer Galileo Galilei. It is the fifth brightest object in the solar system and is also easily studied through binoculars or a small telescope.--Planets;Uranus;18.20;Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun. It's not visible to the naked eye, and became the first planet discovered with the use of a telescope. Uranus is tipped over on its side with an axial tilt of 98 degrees. It is often described as 'rolling around the Sun on its side'. The planet is also known to be the coldest planet in solar system.--Planets;Neptune;29.05;Neptune is the eighth planet from the Sun and is the most distant planet from the Sun. This gas giant planet may have formed much closer to the Sun in early solar system history before migrating to its present position. It is not visible to the naked eye and was first observed in 1846. Its position was determined using mathematical predictions. It was named after the Roman god of the sea.--Others;Pluto;29.15;Discovered in 1930, Pluto is the second closest dwarf planet to the Sun and was at one point classified as the ninth planet. Pluto is also the second most massive dwarf planet with Eris being the most massive. A spacecraft named New Horizon is expected to be the first to visit Pluto in July 2015.--Other;Kuiper Belt;39;The Kuiper Belt (sometimes referred to as the Kuiper-Edgeworth Belt) is an area of the outer solar system that is estimated to stretch across 20 astronomical units (AU) of space. It contains small solar system bodies made mostly of ices. The ices are frozen volatiles (gases) such as methane, ammonia, nitrogen and water.